Working in blockchain space today is actually very exciting,
and the reason is,
you are basically reinventing Wall Street, right?
You are automating everything that they're doing.
You're turning it into code.
Then you're also doing is basically building a digital economy.
It's amazing just to see this whole thing bootstrapping.
It is as if you were born in internet era 20 to 30 years ago,
and you're seeing all this information getting digitized and programmable and so on.
We're seeing everything scarce becoming programmable, and that's pretty amazing.
While it's challenging to certainly develop a new blockchain,
you need to know a lot of things,
and it's a difficult task for any programmer.
Let's say the difficulty level there is here,
I think there's a lot of things that
even a relatively junior person come in and contribute to.
For example, building a block explorer
doesn't require you to go and build a whole new blockchain.
You can just use your skills as a web programmer.
If you look at the space, the blockchain space,
the demand for open positions is just absolutely gigantic.
The supply is very limited,
and the reason is that,
this is not taught really and K through 12 it's not really taught in college.
Blockchain started with a forum post by Satoshi in 2009.
It didn't start with a top down movement
to accent let's say that mobile or other things did.
So it sort of crept up on people and become extremely
important overnight but the supply is not meeting the demand.
Services like audacity or filling that gap where
traditional education does just not move fast enough to keep up.
For those folks who are getting trained,
who do have these skills, when you've got a huge demand,
and not a huge supply,
you're compensated quite well,
so it's a good time to get into blockchain because of that.